Update test_data_guidelines to mention github file limits (#1260)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/test_data_guidelines.md

> 6. Files must be small (less than the GitHub file-size limit as a maximum size), and must be aggressively subsampled if necessary.
> 
>    - Ideally less than the GitHub warning message of 50MB
>    - Absolutely less than the GitHub maximum of 100MB
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Files must have as small a file size as possible - aggressively subsample as much as you can.
```
